you
okay we're not only on the stuff you can
buy and name a star Merrill its $75 and
you get a
still map and a certificate as I was
really looking for something a little
more impressive can I buy a
constellation I don't know you can buy a
black hole I'm not sure of black holes
and exactly the right message at this
point in the relationship you have to
stop sending things it's just getting
very awkward
I understand they weren't I just have
one more little thing dr. turban is
apparently the best marriage counselor
in the city and the learners recommended
her
they've been divorced for a year they
have they have bucked the one thing they
do agree on is how much they love dr.
Tobin do you still love me at all I
don't know if I can love you a little
bit I can get by on a little less love
for a while maybe yes I'm sorry
did you hear about the Morgans this
guy's still out there I recommend you
both enter the witness relocation
program what I can't commit to spending
the rest of my life with my husband I
know exactly how you feel
can you tell us where we're going
very Wyoming doesn't have anyone here
fill the Wyoming you'll be under the
care of the sheriff in town welcome to
Wyoming I'll be an honor to protect you
I hope you'll be real comfortable here
with us here it is
home sweet home I love what you've done
when to do heads
I can make one quick call trying to
contact somebody that comes to bigger
essence when I was a child I never knew
that well I don't tell you everything
soon yeah I knew that we are here and
there is absolutely nothing we can do
about it this may sound strange but
would you like to go on a date with me
we just had dinner last week and I
thought that went well until a murder
I will pay I was so in love with you but
now I just want to see you suffer
intense pain agony do you remember your
vows was once a girl from Nantucket no
that's not right can we not do this now
speak in a soft monotone my wife is a
member of PETA I have been meaning to
join did you hear about the Morgans
think of it as a vacation a welcome
break in your hectic lifestyle
[Music]